-DOCSTART- -X- -X- O


1 Others
The Others
applicants Others
Sharman B-Organization
Networks I-Organization
Ltd L-Organization
Sharman B-Organization
Networks L-Organization
Sharman B-Organization
License I-Organization
Holdings I-Organization
Ltd L-Organization
Sharman B-Organization
License L-Organization
and Others
Ms B-person
Nicola I-person
Anne I-person
Hemming L-person
Ms B-person
Hemming L-person
are Others
each Others
the Others
subject Others
of Others
asset Others
preservation Others
orders Others
made Others
by Others
Wilcox Others
J Others
on Others
22 B-Date
March I-Date
2005 L-Date
the Others
Mareva Others

When Others
referring Others
to Others
the Others
applicants Others
generally Others
I Others
will Others
do Others
so Others
as Others

Each Others
of Others
the Others
Sharman B-person
applicants L-person
was Others
one Others
of Others
ten Others
respondents Others
to Others
infringement Others
of Others
copyright Others
proceedings Others
brought Others
by Others
the Others
present Others
respondents Others
the B-Organization
Music I-Organization
companies L-Organization
in Others
respect Others
of Others
the Others
operation Others
of Others
what Others
was Others
described Others
by Others
the Others
parties Others
as Others
the Others
Kazaa B-Organization
system L-Organization

Wilcox Others
J Others
made Others
orders Others
ancillary Others
to Others
the Others
Mareva Others
orders Others
on Others
22 B-Date
March I-Date
2005 L-Date
requiring Others
each Others
of Others
the Others
Sharman B-person
applicants L-person
to Others
disclose Others
on Others
affidavit Others
the Others
description Others
and Others
value Others
of Others
all Others
of Others
their Others
assets Others
wherever Others
situated Others
and Others
to Others
specify Others
whether Others
those Others
assets Others
were Others
held Others
by Others
each Others
applicant Others
either Others
beneficially Others
or Others
in Others
trust Others
for Others
any Others
other Others
person Others
or Others

2 Others
Wilcox Others
J Others
delivered Others
judgment Others
on Others
the Others
complex Others
issues Others
of Others
liability Others
arising Others
in Others
the Others
primary Others
proceedings Others
on Others
5 B-Date
September I-Date
2005 L-Date
Universal B-Versus
Music I-Versus
Australia I-Versus
Pty I-Versus
Ltd I-Versus
v I-Versus
Sharman I-Versus
License I-Versus
Holdings I-Versus
Ltd L-Versus
2005 Others
220 Others
ALR Others

In Others
the Others
meantime Others
Ms B-person
Hemming L-person
had Others
filed Others
two Others
disclosure Others
affidavits Others
pursuant Others
to Others
Wilcox Others
Js Others
orders Others
of Others
22 B-Date
March I-Date
2005 L-Date
whilst Others
Sharman B-Organization
License L-Organization
and Others
Sharman B-Organization
Networks L-Organization
had Others
unsuccessfully Others
sought Others
several Others
stays Others
on Others
various Others
grounds Others
of Others
that Others
same Others
order Others
insofar Others
as Others
it Others
applied Others
to Others
them Others
see Others
Universal B-Versus
Music I-Versus
Australia I-Versus
Pty I-Versus
Ltd I-Versus
v I-Versus
Sharman I-Versus
License I-Versus
Holdings I-Versus
Ltd L-Versus
2005 Others
FCA Others
406 Others
per Others
Hely Others
J Others
delivered Others
8 Others
April Others
2005 Others
Universal Others
Music Others
Australia Others
Pty Others
Ltd Others
v Others
Sharman Others
License Others
Holdings Others
Ltd Others
2005 Others
FCA Others
441 Others
per Others
Wilcox Others
J Others
delivered Others
15 Others
April Others
2005 Others
and Others
Sharman Others
License Others
Holdings Others
Ltd Others
v Others
Universal Others
Music Others
Australia Others
Pty Others
Ltd Others
2005 Others
FCA Others
505 Others
per Others
Moore Others
J Others
delivered Others
28 Others
April Others

Disclosure Others
affidavits Others
were Others
eventually Others
sworn Others
on Others
behalf Others
of Others
Sharman B-Organization
License L-Organization
and Others
Sharman B-Organization
Networks L-Organization
by Others
Mr B-Judges
Gee L-Judges
on Others
19 B-Date
April I-Date
2005 L-Date
which Others
were Others
later Others
superseded Others
by Others
further Others
affidavits Others
sworn Others
also Others
by Others
Mr B-Judges
Gee L-Judges
on Others

Sharman B-Organization
License L-Organization
and Others
Sharman B-Organization
Networks L-Organization
had Others
also Others
unsuccessfully Others
sought Others
an Others
enlargement Others
of Others
time Others
in Others
which Others
to Others
file Others
an Others
application Others
for Others
leave Others
to Others
appeal Others
from Others
Wilcox B-Judges
Js L-Judges
orders Others
of Others
22 B-Date
March I-Date
2005 L-Date
see Others
Sharman B-Versus
License I-Versus
Holdings I-Versus
Ltd I-Versus
v I-Versus
Universal I-Versus
Music I-Versus
Australia I-Versus
Pty I-Versus
Ltd L-Versus
2005 Others
FCA Others
802 Others
per Others
Lindgren B-Judges
J L-Judges
delivered Others
on Others

3 Others
On Others
24 B-Date
May I-Date
2005 L-Date
the Others
Music Others
companies Others
filed Others
a Others
further Others
amended Others
notice Others
of Others
motion Others
seeking Others
further Others
orders Others
ancillary Others
to Others
the Others
Mareva Others
orders Others
which Others
application Others
was Others
heard Others
over Others
several Others
days Others
by Others
Moore B-Judges
J L-Judges
and Others
determined Others
by Others
his Others
Honour Others
on Others
17 B-Date
November I-Date
2005 L-Date
substantially Others
in Others
favour Others
of Others
the Others
Music B-Organization
companies L-Organization
Universal B-Versus
Music I-Versus
Australia I-Versus
Pty I-Versus
Ltd I-Versus
v I-Versus
Sharman I-Versus
License I-Versus
Holdings I-Versus
Ltd L-Versus

The B-person
Sharman I-person
applicants L-person
acknowledge Others
that Others
the Others
orders Others
made Others
by Others
Moore B-Judges
J L-Judges

-DOCSTART- -X- -X- O

What Others
had Others
led Others
to Others
the Others
Music B-Organization
companies L-Organization
application Others
for Others
those Others
ancillary Others
orders Others
were Others
deficiencies Others
in Others
the Others
asset Others
disclosure Others
affidavits Others
provided Others
by Others
the Others
Sharman B-person
applicants L-person
pursuant Others
to Others
the Others
ancillary Others
orders Others
of Others
Wilcox B-Judges
J L-Judges
made Others
on Others

It Others
is Others
from Others
Moore B-Judges
Js L-Judges
interlocutory Others
judgment Others
of Others
17 B-Date
November I-Date
2005 L-Date
that Others
the Others
Sharman Others
applicants Others
presently Others
seek Others
leave Others
to Others
appeal Others
pursuant Others
to Others
O Others
52 Others
r Others
102 Others
of Others
the Others
Federal B-Courts
Court L-Courts
Rules Others

4 Others
The Others
principal Others
orders Others
made Others
by Others
Moore B-Judges
J L-Judges
on Others
17 B-Date
November I-Date
2005 L-Date

The Others
applicants Others
have Others
leave Others
to Others
cross Others
examine Others
Ms B-person
Hemming L-person
on Others
the Others
affidavits Others
filed Others
and Others
served Others
by Others
her Others
in Others
response Others
to Others
Order Others
5 Others
of Others
the Others
orders Others
of Others
Wilcox B-Judges
J L-Judges
made Others
on Others
22 B-Date
March I-Date
2005 L-Date

Ms B-person
Hemming L-person
file Others
and Others
serve Others
within Others
such Others
time Others
and Others
sic Others
the Others
Court Others
may Others
specify Others
an Others
affidavit Others
that Others
discloses Others
with Others
particularity Others
the Others
description Others
and Others
value Others
of Others
all Others
the Others
assets Others
of Others
Sharman B-Organization
Networks L-Organization
and Others
its Others
subsidiaries Others
within Others
the Others
meaning Others
of Others
section B-Acts&Regulation
9 I-Acts&Regulation
of I-Acts&Regulation
the I-Acts&Regulation
Corporations I-Acts&Regulation
Act I-Acts&Regulation
2001 I-Acts&Regulation
Cth L-Acts&Regulation
that Others
are Others
wholly Others
owned Others
wherever Others
situated Others
and Others
specifying Others
whether Others
those Others
assets Others
are Others
held Others
by Others
Sharman B-Organization
Networks L-Organization

in Others
the Others
case Others
of Others
any Others
bank Others
accounts Others
which Others
Sharman B-Organization
Networks L-Organization

the Others
name Others
and Others
address Others
of Others
any Others
person Others
or Others
entity Others
who Others
holds Others
any Others
assets Others
on Others
trust Others
or Others
as Others
nominee Others
for Others
Sharman B-Organization
Networks L-Organization

Order Others
1 Others
made Others
by Others
Wilcox B-Judges
J L-Judges
on Others
22 B-Date
March I-Date
2005 L-Date

and Others
as Others
to Others
Sharman B-Organization
Networks L-Organization
be Others
restrained Others
from Others
causing Others
or Others
permitting Others
any Others
wholly Others
owned Others
subsidiary Others
to Others
dispose Others
of Others
to Others
remove Others
from Others

5 Others
The Others
immediate Others
background Others
to Others
much Others
of Others
the Others
debate Others
presently Others
raised Others
by Others
the Others
Sharman Others
applicants Others
and Others
as Others
a Others
consequence Others
the Others
principal Others
focus Others
of Others
their Others
attack Others
upon Others
the Others
orders Others
of Others
Moore B-Judges
J L-Judges
below Others
concerned Others
the Others
existence Others
of Others
alleged Others
shortcomings Others
in Others
the Others
asset Others
disclosures Others
and Others
in Others
particular Others
the Others
implications Others
of Others
a Others
payment Others
of Others

-DOCSTART- -X- -X- O

63 Others
made Others
by Others
Ms B-person
Hemming L-person
to Others
a Others
Vanuatu Others
company Others
Trustees Others
International Others
Limited Others
TIL Others
following Others
upon Others
the Others
sale Others
of Others
the Others
Sydney Others
residence Others
of Others
Ms Others
Hemming Others
and Others
Dr Others
KilmerBarber Others
for Others
2100000 Others
on Others
4 Others
February Others
2005 Others
being Others
a Others
payment Others
made Others
purportedly Others
by Others
way Others
of Others
repayment Others
of Others
a Others

The B-Organization
Music I-Organization
companies L-Organization
case Others
presented Others
to Others
Moore B-Judges
J L-Judges
below Others
was Others
that Others
there Others
was Others
in Others
fact Others
no Others
such Others
antecedent Others
loan Others
that Others
the Others
transfer Others
of Others
such Others
funds Others
by Others
Ms B-person
Henning L-person
to Others

Although Others
Moore B-Judges
J L-Judges
declined Others
to Others
make Others
a Others
finding Others
in Others
relation Others
to Others
the Others
issue Others
as Others
to Others
ownership Others
of Others
that Others
fund Others
his Others
Honour Others
formed Others
the Others
view Others
that Others
he Others
would Others
permit Others
crossexamination Others
of Others
Ms B-person
Hemming L-person

In Others
all Others
real Others
doubts Others
arise Others
about Others
and Others
uncertainty Others
surrounds Others
the Others
reason Others
why Others
this Others
transaction Others
took Others
place Others
when Others
it Others
did Others
and Others
whether Others
the Others
monies Others
transferred Others
to Others
TIL Others
were Others
in Others
truth Others
in Others
satisfaction Others
of Others
a Others
loan Others
or Others
continues Others
to Others
constitute Others
an Others
asset Others
of Others
and Others
requires Others
disclosure Others
by Others

Greater Others
clarity Others
about Others
this Others
matter Others
may Others
arise Others
from Others
the Others
crossexamination Others
of Others

6 Others
Section B-Acts&Regulation
241A I-Acts&Regulation
of I-Acts&Regulation
the I-Acts&Regulation
Federal I-Acts&Regulation
Court I-Acts&Regulation
of I-Acts&Regulation
Australia I-Acts&Regulation
Act I-Acts&Regulation
1976 I-Acts&Regulation
Cth L-Acts&Regulation

Although Others
s B-Acts&Regulation
241A L-Acts&Regulation
does Others
not Others
purport Others
to Others
qualify Others
or Others
limit Others
the Others
Courts Others
discretion Others
see Others
Decor B-Versus
Corporation I-Versus
Pty I-Versus
Ltd I-Versus
v I-Versus
Dart I-Versus
Industries I-Versus
Inc L-Versus
1991 Others
33 Others
FCR Others
397 Others
at Others
399 Others
in Others
the Others
joint Others
reasons Others
for Others
judgment Others
of Others

The Others
rationale Others
for Others
those Others
principles Others
is Others
the Others
public Others
interest Others
in Others
the Others
efficient Others
administration Others
of Others
justice Others
and Others
the Others
maintenance Others
of Others
the Others
integrity Others
and Others
vigour Others
of Others
the Others
procedures Others
of Others
the Others
court Others
including Others
as Others
they Others
do Others
the Others
immediate Others
involvement Others
of Others
the Others
judge Others
at Others
all Others
stages Others
in Others
the Others
progress Others
of Others
cases Others
to Others
trial Others
Bomanite B-Versus
Pty I-Versus
Ltd I-Versus
v I-Versus
Slatex I-Versus
Corp I-Versus
Australia I-Versus
Pty I-Versus
Ltd L-Versus
1991 Others
104 Others
ALR Others
165 Others
at Others
173 Others
per Others

One Others
consequence Others
sought Others
to Others
be Others
avoided Others
is Others
the Others
expansion Others
of Others
expensive Others
and Others
delaying Others
pretrial Others
litigation Others
involved Others
in Others
appeals Others
on Others
issues Others
of Others
practice Others
and Others
procedure Others
and Others
the Others
concomitant Others
reduction Others
in Others
the Others
authority Others
of Others
the Others
trial Others
judge Others
should Others
such Others
appeals Others
be Others
frequently Others
entertained Others
Bomanite Others
at Others
176 Others
per Others

I Others
observe Others
that Others
it Others
is Others
well Others
accepted Others
that Others
those Others
criteria Others
are Others
not Others
to Others
be Others
applied Others
rigidly Others
or Others
fixedly Others
and Others
the Others
Court Others
must Others
bear Others
in Others
mind Others
all Others
of Others
the Others
circumstances Others
of Others
the Others
particular Others
case Others
see Others
in Others
that Others
regard Others
Adam B-person
P I-person
Brown L-person
Male B-Versus
Fashions I-Versus
Proprietary I-Versus
Limited I-Versus
v I-Versus
Phillip I-Versus
Morris I-Versus
Incorporated L-Versus
1981 Others
HCA Others
39 Others
(1981) Others
148 Others
CLR Others
170 Others
at Others
177 Others
where Others
Gibbs B-Judges
CJ L-Judges

-DOCSTART- -X- -X- O

We Others
would Others
merely Others
repeat Others
with Others
approval Others
the Others
oftcited Others
statement Others
of Others
Sir B-Judges
Frederick I-Judges
Jordan L-Judges
in Others
re Others
the Others
Will Others
of Others
F B-person
B I-person
Gilbert L-person

8 Others
It Others
was Others
the Others
Music B-Organization
companies L-Organization
contention Others
that Others
the Others
orders Others
of Others
Moore B-Judges
J L-Judges
from Others
which Others
leave Others
to Others
appeal Others
is Others
now Others
sought Others
determined Others
matters Others
of Others
practice Others
and Others
procedure Others
within Others
the Others
foregoing Others
statements Others
of Others
principle Others
involving Others
as Others
they Others
did Others
the Others
obligation Others
of Others
Ms B-person
Hemming L-person
to Others
submit Others
to Others
crossexamination Others
on Others
affidavits Others
made Others
by Others
her Others
in Others
early Others
April Others
of Others
this Others
year Others
and Others
to Others
file Others
a Others
separate Others
affidavit Others
disclosing Others
the Others
assets Others
of Others

On Others
the Others
question Others
of Others
what Others
constitutes Others
substantial Others
injustice Others
for Others
the Others
purposes Others
of Others
determining Others
an Others
application Others
for Others
leave Others
to Others
appeal Others
counsel Others
for Others
the Others
Music Others
companies Others
placed Others
particular Others
reliance Others
upon Others
the Others
decision Others
of Others
the Others
Full B-Courts
Federal I-Courts
Court L-Courts
delivered Others
earlier Others
in Others
the Others
primary Others
proceedings Others
which Others
denied Others
leave Others
to Others
appeal Others
from Others
a Others
decision Others
by Others
Wilcox B-Judges
J L-Judges
refusing Others
to Others
set Others
aside Others
Anton Others
Piller Others
orders Others
that Others
his Others
Honour Others
had Others
earlier Others
made Others
Brilliant B-Versus
Digital I-Versus
Entertainment I-Versus
Pty I-Versus
Ltd I-Versus
v I-Versus
Universal I-Versus
Music I-Versus
Australia I-Versus
Pty I-Versus
Ltd L-Versus
2004 Others
63 Others
IPR Others

9 Others
The Others
Sharman B-person
applicants L-person
sought Others
to Others
emphasise Others
the Others
existence Others
of Others
practical Others
burdens Others
imposed Others
by Others
the Others
orders Others
made Others
by Others
Moore B-Judges
J L-Judges
on Others
17 B-Date
November I-Date
2005 L-Date
although Others
in Others
reality Others
it Others
was Others
principally Others
with Others
respect Others
to Others
the Others
order Others
for Others
crossexamination Others
of Others
Ms B-person
Hemming L-person

I Others
was Others
referred Others
by Others
the Others
Sharman Others
applicants Others
to Others
an Others
earlier Others
Full B-Courts
Federal I-Courts
Court L-Courts
decision Others
in Others
Minister B-Versus
for I-Versus
Immigration I-Versus
Multicultural I-Versus
Indigenous I-Versus
Affairs I-Versus
v I-Versus
Wong L-Versus

10 Others
The Others
affidavit Others
filed Others
in Others
support Others
of Others
the Others
application Others
for Others
leave Others
to Others
appeal Others
by Others
Mr Others
Rohan Others
Higgins Others
the Others
solicitor Others
for Others
the Others
Sharman B-person
applicants L-person
contained Others
the Others
following Others
broad Others
submission Others
under Others
the Others
heading Others
injustice Others
if Others
leave Others
is Others

If Others
leave Others
to Others
appeal Others
is Others
not Others
granted Others
then Others
the Others
orders Others
of Others
Moore B-Judges
J L-Judges

11 Others
The Others
Music Others
companies Others
contended Others
that Others
the Others
Sharman B-person
applicants L-person
submissions Others
proceeded Others
in Others
reality Others
on Others
the Others
erroneous Others
basis Others
that Others
every Others
interlocutory Others
decision Others
that Others
requires Others
a Others
party Others
to Others
do Others
an Others
act Others
will Others
be Others
automatically Others
susceptible Others
to Others
leave Others
to Others
appeal Others
and Others
to Others
being Others
stayed Others

The Others
Music Others
companies Others
position Others
was Others
that Others
the Others
orders Others
requiring Others
Ms B-person
Hemming L-person
to Others
file Others
an Others
affidavit Others
disclosing Others
the Others
assets Others
of Others
Sharman B-Organization
Networks L-Organization

12 Others
The Others
primary Others
submission Others
made Others
by Others
the Others
Music B-Organization
companies L-Organization

-DOCSTART- -X- -X- O

The Others
Music B-Organization
companies L-Organization
rejected Others
any Others
notion Others
to Others
the Others
effect Others
that Others
the Others
mere Others
fact Others
of Others
Ms B-person
Hemming L-person
being Others
compelled Others
to Others
swear Others
an Others
affidavit Others
as Others
to Others
disclosure Others
of Others
Sharman B-Organization
Networks L-Organization

Reference Others
was Others
made Others
to Others
Gerlach B-Versus
v I-Versus
Clifton I-Versus
Bricks I-Versus
Pty I-Versus
Ltd L-Versus
2002 Others
HCA Others
22 Others
(2002) Others
209 Others
CLR Others
478 Others
in Others
which Others

The Others
reality Others
of Others
the Others
dilemma Others
in Others
which Others
the Others
Court Others
is Others
placed Others
by Others
the Others
present Others
application Others
is Others
the Others
need Others
for Others
consideration Others
in Others
some Others
depth Others
of Others
the Others
matters Others
to Others
which Others
attention Others
has Others
been Others
drawn Others
by Others
the Others
Sharman B-person
applicants L-person

The Others
Sharman B-person
applicants L-person
relied Others
upon Others
a Others
further Others
passage Others
from Others
the Others
majoritys Others
reasons Others
for Others
judgment Others
in Others

13 Others
The Others
Music B-Organization
companies L-Organization
for Others
their Others
part Others
placed Others
particular Others
reliance Others
upon Others
the Others
joint Others
reasons Others
for Others
judgment Others
of Others
Black B-Judges
CJ L-Judges
and Others
Stone B-Judges
J L-Judges

In Others
refusing Others
leave Others
to Others
appeal Others
from Others
Wilcox B-Judges
Js L-Judges
decision Others
to Others
decline Others
to Others
set Others
aside Others
earlier Others
Anton B-Judges
Piller L-Judges

14 Others
The Others
Music Others
companies Others
contended Others
that Others
the Others
orders Others
made Others
by Others
Moore B-Judges
J L-Judges
were Others
truly Others
interlocutory Others
in Others
nature Others
rather Others
than Others
substantial Others
in Others
effect Others
being Others
directed Others
to Others
the Others
capture Others
and Others
preservation Others
of Others
assets Others
of Others
the Others
Sharman B-person
applicants L-person

They Others
pointed Others
out Others
that Others
Moore B-Judges
J L-Judges

Moreover Others
Moore B-Judges
J L-Judges
was Others
said Others
to Others
have Others
made Others
it Others
clear Others
in Others
39 Others
of Others
his Others
reasons Others
for Others
judgment Others
that Others
any Others
crossexamination Others
would Others
be Others
subject Others
to Others
the Others
control Others
of Others
the Others
Court Others
thereby Others
limiting Others
any Others
prejudice Others
that Others
may Others
be Others
suffered Others
by Others
Ms B-person
Hemming L-person

In Others
those Others
circumstances Others
counsel Others
for Others
the Others
Music Others
companies Others
further Others
contended Others
that Others
the Others
applicants Others
had Others
failed Others
to Others
show Others
that Others
the Others
obligations Others
imposed Others
upon Others
them Others
by Others
Moore B-Judges
J L-Judges

-DOCSTART- -X- -X- O

On Others
that Others
footing Others
the Others
Music B-Organization
companies L-Organization
concluded Others
that Others
the Others
Sharman B-person
applicants L-person

Acceptance Others
of Others
that Others
proposition Others
was Others
said Others
to Others
have Others
the Others
consequence Others
realistically Others
that Others
consideration Others
of Others
the Others
draft Others
grounds Others
of Others
appeal Others
from Others
Moore B-Judges
Js L-Judges
judgment Others
as Others
formulated Others
by Others
the Others
Sharman B-person
applicants L-person

15 Others
The Others
Sharman B-person
applicants L-person
submitted Others
that Others
Brilliant B-Organization
Digital L-Organization
was Others
distinguishable Others
from Others
the Others
present Others
circumstances Others
because Others
in Others
the Others
former Others
instance Others
the Others
orders Others
the Others
subject Others
of Others
application Others
for Others
leave Others
to Others
appeal Others
arose Others
from Others
an Others
Anton B-Judges
Piller L-Judges
order Others
that Others
had Others
already Others
been Others
executed Others
but Others
in Others
the Others
present Others
case Others
Ms B-person
Hemming L-person
was Others
yet Others
to Others
be Others
crossexamined Others
and Others
had Others
not Others
as Others
at Others
the Others
date Others
of Others
hearing Others
of Others
the Others
application Others
sworn Others
an Others
affidavit Others
for Others
instance Others
on Others
behalf Others
of Others
Sharman B-Organization
Networks L-Organization

I Others
should Others
interpolate Others
to Others
record Others
that Others
subsequent Others
to Others
reserving Others
judgment Others
on Others
the Others
question Others
of Others
leave Others
to Others
appeal Others
the Others
Sharman B-person
applicants L-person
applied Others
for Others
a Others
stay Others
on Others
Moore B-Judges
Js L-Judges
order Others
requiring Others
Ms B-person
Hemming L-person

Because Others
a Others
Full Others
Court Others
on Others
appeal Others
is Others
in Others
a Others
position Others
to Others
intervene Others
in Others
relation Others
to Others
the Others
subjection Others
of Others
Ms B-person
Hemming L-person
to Others
Moore B-Judges
Js L-Judges
orders Others
and Others
because Others
those Others
orders Others
were Others
made Others
on Others
the Others
Sharman B-person
applicants L-person
case Others
erroneously Others
by Others
his Others
Honour Others
it Others
was Others
contended Others
by Others
the Others
Sharman B-person
applicants L-person

16 Others
The Others
Sharman B-person
applicants L-person
further Others
submitted Others
that Others
the Others
Full B-Courts
Court L-Courts

In Others
Wong Others
the Others
Full B-Courts
Federal I-Courts
Court L-Courts

No Others
mention Others
was Others
made Others
by Others
the Others
Full B-Courts
Court L-Courts

Counsel Others
for Others
the Others
Music B-Organization
companies L-Organization

So Others
much Others
was Others
said Others
to Others
stand Others
in Others
contrast Others
with Others
the Others
considerable Others
array Others
of Others
evidence Others
provided Others
respectively Others
to Others

-DOCSTART- -X- -X- O

In Others
any Others
event Others
the Others
Music Others
companies Others
submitted Others
that Others
the Others
Courts Others
decision Others
in Others
Wong Others
must Others
be Others
read Others
subject Others
to Others
the Others
later Others
reasons Others
of Others
the Others
Full B-Courts
Court L-Courts
in Others
Brilliant B-Organization
Digital L-Organization
which Others
required Others
inter Others
alia Others
that Others
substantial Others
injustice Others
be Others

There Others
is Others
in Others
my Others
opinion Others
clear Others
force Others
in Others
those Others
submissions Others
of Others
the Others

17 Others
Contrary Others
moreover Others
to Others
the Others
Music B-Organization
companies L-Organization

That Others
was Others
said Others
to Others
be Others
because Others
the Others
order Others
to Others
crossexamine Others
a Others
deponent Others
of Others
a Others
disclosure Others
affidavit Others
was Others
an Others
exceptional Others
one Others
and Others
because Others
Moore B-Judges
J L-Judges
had Others
failed Others
correctly Others
to Others
apply Others
the Others
relevant Others
principles Others
in Others
making Others
the Others
order Others
in Others
that Others
his Others
Honour Others
had Others
not Others
made Others
a Others
positive Others
finding Others
that Others
the Others
affidavit Others
disclosure Others
by Others
Ms B-person
Hemming L-person

In Others
any Others
event Others
the Others
making Others
of Others
an Others
order Others
requiring Others
crossexamination Others
on Others
a Others
disclosure Others
affidavit Others
was Others
said Others
by Others
the Others
Sharman B-person
applicants L-person

18 Others
In Others
support Others
of Others
those Others
propositions Others
of Others
the Others
Sharman B-person
applicants L-person
I Others
was Others
taken Others
to Others
several Others
authorities Others
in Others
the Others
United B-Location
Kingdom L-Location
and Others

19 Others
Thus Others
in Others
Den B-Versus
Norske I-Versus
Bank I-Versus
ASA I-Versus
v I-Versus
Antonatos L-Versus
1999 Others
QB Others
271 Others
Waller B-Judges
LJ L-Judges
with Others
whom Others

It Others
is Others
finally Others
important Others
to Others
recognise Others
that Others
it Others
is Others
only Others
in Others
exceptional Others
circumstances Others
that Others
crossexamination Others
will Others
be Others
ordered Others
on Others
an Others
affidavit Others
sworn Others
pursuant Others
to Others
a Others
Mareva Others
order Others
see Others
House B-Versus
of I-Versus
Spring I-Versus
Gardens I-Versus
Ltd I-Versus
v I-Versus
Waite L-Versus
1985 Others
FSR Others
173 Others
at Others
181 Others
per Others

The Others
anxieties Others
expressed Others
by Others
Scott B-Judges
J L-Judges
in Others
Bayer B-Versus
AG I-Versus
v I-Versus
Winter L-Versus

The Others
passage Others
from Others
the Others
reasons Others
for Others
judgment Others
of Others
Slade B-Judges
LJ L-Judges
in Others
House B-Courts
of I-Courts
Spring I-Courts
Gardens L-Courts
referred Others
to Others
by Others
Waller B-Judges
LJ L-Judges

-DOCSTART- -X- -X- O

Lord B-Judges
Justice I-Judges
Slade L-Judges
made Others
those Others
remarks Others
in Others
the Others
course Others
of Others
overruling Others
the Others
decision Others
of Others
Scott B-Judges
J L-Judges
at Others
first Others
instance Others
which Others
decision Others
had Others
been Others
to Others
the Others
effect Others
that Others
a Others
court Others
did Others
not Others
have Others
the Others
power Others
under Others
s B-Acts&Regulation
37 I-Acts&Regulation
of I-Acts&Regulation
the I-Acts&Regulation
Supreme I-Acts&Regulation
Court I-Acts&Regulation
Act I-Acts&Regulation
1981 I-Acts&Regulation
UK L-Acts&Regulation

The Others
anxieties Others
expressed Others
by Others
Scott B-Judges
J L-Judges
and Others
also Others
referred Others
to Others
by Others
Waller B-Judges
LJ L-Judges
in Others
Den B-Location
Norske I-Location
Bank L-Location
appear Others
in Others
Scott B-Judges
Js L-Judges
earlier Others
reasons Others
for Others
judgment Others
in Others
Bayer B-Versus
AG I-Versus
v I-Versus
Winter L-Versus

In Others
that Others
latter Others
case Others
Scott Others
J Others
was Others
concerned Others
with Others
an Others
application Others
seeking Others
orders Others
that Others
the Others
defendant Others
submit Others
to Others
crossexamination Others
on Others
a Others
wide Others
range Others
of Others
matters Others
in Others
aid Others
of Others
earlier Others
Anton B-Judges
Piller L-Judges
and Others
Mareva Others
orders Others
made Others
by Others
the Others

Scott B-Judges
J L-Judges

Mr B-person
Prescott L-person

It Others
was Others
in Others
those Others
somewhat Others
extreme Others
circumstances Others
well Others
removed Others
from Others
the Others
present Others
context Others
here Others
presented Others
that Others
Scott B-Judges
J L-Judges
made Others
the Others
following Others
emphatic Others
statement Others
at Others
544 Others
in Others
the Others
course Others
of Others
refusing Others
the Others
order Others
sought Others
for Others
the Others
crossexamination Others
of Others
the Others
defendant Others
being Others
dictum Others
upon Others
which Others
the Others
Sharman B-person
applicants L-person

I Others
would Others
respectfully Others
withhold Others
from Others
any Others
such Others
somewhat Others
characterisation Others
of Others
the Others
present Others
conduct Others
of Others
the Others
Music B-Organization
companies L-Organization
in Others
their Others
pursuit Others
of Others
what Others
seems Others
to Others
me Others
to Others
be Others
both Others
reasonable Others
and Others
authentic Others
means Others
designed Others
to Others
ensure Others
that Others
Mareva Others
relief Others
is Others
afforded Others
adequate Others
facilitation Others
and Others
implementation Others
in Others
the Others
context Others
of Others
Music B-Organization
companies L-Organization

21 Others
Senior Others
counsel Others
for Others
the Others
Sharman B-person
applicants L-person
asserted Others
that Others
nowhere Others
in Others
the Others
reasons Others
for Others
judgment Others
of Others
Moore B-Judges
J L-Judges
is Others
there Others
a Others
finding Others
that Others
the Others
disclosures Others
made Others
by Others
Mr B-person
Gee L-person
of Others
the Others
assets Others
of Others
the Others
relevant Others
two Others
Sharman B-Organization
companies L-Organization

I Others
would Others
first Others
observe Others
that Others
any Others
finding Others
of Others
Moore B-Judges
J L-Judges
on Others
the Others
completeness Others
or Others
otherwise Others
of Others
Mr B-Judges
Gees L-Judges

Senior Others
counsel Others
for Others
the Others
Sharman B-person
applicants L-person
asserted Others
that Others
the Others
Music B-Organization
companies L-Organization
had Others
not Others
demonstrated Others
that Others
Ms B-person
Hemmings L-person
assets Others
included Others
what Others
he Others
termed Others
the Others
beneficial Others
interest Others
in Others
the Others
Sharman Others
companies Others
or Others
that Others
the Others
loan Others
transaction Others
with Others

-DOCSTART- -X- -X- O

It Others
was Others
in Others
the Others
light Others
of Others
the Others
complexity Others
and Others
opacity Others
concerning Others
Ms B-person
Hemmings L-person
apparent Others
employment Others
of Others
a Others
Vanuatu B-Organization
trust I-Organization
instrument L-Organization

One Others
was Others
whether Others
Ms B-person
Hemming L-person
has Others
a Others
beneficial Others
interest Others
in Others
the Others
Sharman Others
trust Others
or Others
at Others
least Others
has Others
an Others
interest Others
which Others
should Others
have Others
been Others
identified Others
in Others
her Others
disclosure Others

22 Others
Senior Others
counsel Others
for Others
the Others
Sharman B-person
applicants L-person

If Others
this Others
issue Others
was Others
explored Others
in Others
crossexamination Others
then Others
the Others
Court Others
will Others
be Others
left Others
with Others
a Others
greater Others
measure Others
of Others
certainty Others
about Others
whether Others
she Others
does Others
have Others
an Others
interest Others
in Others
the Others
Sharman B-Organization
companies L-Organization
per Others
medium Others
of Others
the Others
Sharman B-Organization
trust L-Organization

23 Others
In Others
further Others
response Others
to Others
the Others
primary Others
judges Others
endeavours Others
to Others
distil Others
an Others
expedient Others
means Others
for Others
the Others
ascertainment Others
relevantly Others
of Others
beneficial Others
ownership Others
it Others
was Others
contended Others
by Others
the Others
Sharman Others
applicants Others
that Others
in Others
circumstances Others
such Others
as Others
the Others
present Others
an Others
order Others
for Others
crossexamination Others
of Others
a Others
deponent Others
cannot Others
be Others
made Others
unless Others
the Others
Court Others
is Others
affirmatively Others
satisfied Others
that Others
there Others
has Others
been Others
a Others
nondisclosure Others
all Others
that Others
being Others
said Others
to Others
have Others
involved Others
a Others
resolution Others
of Others
the Others
arguments Others
expressly Others
eschewed Others
by Others
Moore B-Judges
J L-Judges
in Others
36 Others
of Others
his Others

real Others
doubts Others
arise Others
about Others
and Others
uncertainty Others
surrounds Others
the Others
reason Others
why Others
this Others
transaction Others
took Others
place Others
when Others
it Others
did Others
and Others
whether Others
the Others
moneys Others
transferred Others
to Others

24 Others
All Others
that Others
was Others
referrable Others
of Others
course Others
to Others
the Others
implications Others
of Others
the Others
payment Others
of Others

63 Others
by Others
Ms B-person
Hemming L-person
to Others

There Others
was Others
no Others
sufficiently Others
detailed Others
or Others
otherwise Others
cogent Others
evidence Others
as Others
to Others
who Others
exercised Others
the Others
substantial Others
or Others
underlying Others
control Others
of Others
decision Others
making Others
of Others

The Others
state Others
of Others
the Others
evidence Others
as Others
to Others
the Others
control Others
of Others

-DOCSTART- -X- -X- O

The Others
Sharman B-person
applicants L-person
postulated Others
that Others
the Others
remark Others
made Others
by Others
Lindgren B-Judges
J L-Judges
at Others
13 Others
of Others
his Others
Honours Others
reasons Others
for Others
judgment Others
in Others
Sharman B-Versus
License I-Versus
Holdings I-Versus
Ltd I-Versus
v I-Versus
Universal I-Versus
Music I-Versus
Australia I-Versus
Pty I-Versus
Ltd L-Versus
2005 Others
FCA Others
802 Others
that Others
Wilcox B-Judges
J L-Judges
accepted Others
in Others
the Others
course Others
of Others
granting Others
the Others
Mareva Others
relief Others
on Others
22 B-Date
March I-Date
2005 L-Date
that Others
the Others
Sharman B-Organization
Companies L-Organization
were Others
controlled Others
by Others
Ms B-person
Hemming L-person
by Others
reason Others
of Others
a Others
client Others
services Others
agreement Others
between Others
her Others
and Others

That Others
submission Others
lacked Others
merit Others
particularly Others
in Others
the Others
light Others
of Others
31 Others
of Others
Lindgren B-Judges
Js L-Judges
reasons Others
for Others
judgment Others
in Others
which Others
his Others
Honour Others
paraphrased Others
the Others
twofold Others
acceptance Others
given Others
in Others
crossexamination Others
by Others
the Others
solicitor Others
acting Others
for Others
Sharman B-Organization
License L-Organization
and Others
Sharman B-Organization
Networks L-Organization
in Others
their Others
application Others
before Others
Lindgren B-Judges
J L-Judges
that Others

25 Others
The Others
Music B-Organization
companies L-Organization
had Others
submitted Others
to Others
Moore B-Judges
J L-Judges
that Others
given Others
the Others
evidentiary Others
shortcomings Others
on Others
a Others
subject Others
readily Others
susceptible Others
to Others
documentary Others
demonstration Others
inclusive Others
of Others
banking Others
records Others
I Others
might Others
add Others
there Others
was Others
in Others
truth Others
and Others
reality Others
no Others
antecedent Others
loan Others
that Others
the Others
transfer Others
of Others
those Others
funds Others
by Others
Ms B-person
Hemming L-person
to Others

Once Others
more Others
so Others
it Others
was Others
asserted Others
by Others
the Others
Sharman B-person
applicants L-person

The Others
point Others
is Others
however Others
that Others
his Others
Honour Others
had Others
been Others
able Others
to Others
infer Others
from Others
the Others
surrounding Others
circumstances Others
I Others
have Others
already Others
outlined Others
that Others
there Others
was Others
some Others
force Others
in Others
the Others
Music B-Organization
companies L-Organization

But Others
in Others
any Others
event Others
his Others
Honour Others
was Others
of Others
the Others
view Others
that Others
he Others
could Others
permit Others
crossexamination Others
of Others
Ms B-person
Hemming L-person

26 Others
In Others
respect Others
of Others
that Others
finding Others
the Others
Sharman B-person
applicants L-person
referred Others
to Others
Moore B-Judges
Js L-Judges

Greater Others
clarity Others
about Others
this Others
matter Others
being Others
the Others
transfer Others
of Others
funds Others
to Others

It Others
was Others
submitted Others
however Others
on Others
behalf Others
of Others
the Others
Sharman B-person
applicants L-person
that Others
so Others
much Others
did Others
not Others
imply Others
that Others
Moore B-Judges
J L-Judges
was Others
satisfied Others
that Others
there Others
had Others
not Others
been Others
compliance Others
with Others
the Others
order Others
of Others
the Others
court Others
to Others
disclose Others
assets Others
by Others
Ms B-person
Hemming L-person
which Others
affirmative Others
finding Others
was Others
of Others
course Others
contended Others
by Others
the Others
Sharman B-person
applicants L-person
to Others
be Others
a Others
prerequisite Others
to Others
the Others
making Others
of Others
an Others
order Others
for Others
crossexamination Others
I Others
was Others
referred Others
for Others
comparison Others
to Others
Planet B-Versus
International I-Versus
v I-Versus
Garcia L-Versus
No Others
2 Others
1991 Others
1 Others
Qd Others
R Others
426 Others
where Others
the Others
following Others
appears Others
at Others
427 Others
of Others
Thomas B-Judges
Js L-Judges

In Others
the Others
present Others
case Others
I Others
am Others
satisfied Others
Mr B-Judges
Garcia L-Judges

-DOCSTART- -X- -X- O

I Others
was Others
also Others
referred Others
by Others
way Others
of Others
further Others
comparison Others
to Others
the Others
following Others
observations Others
of Others
the Others
Court Others
of Others
Appeal Others
in Others

Concerns Others
of Others
that Others
nature Others
appear Others
to Others
have Others
persuaded Others
or Others
assisted Others
to Others
persuade Others
the Others
primary Others
judge Others
of Others
the Others
need Others
to Others
order Others
that Others
Ms B-person
Hemming L-person

ultimately Others
the Others
cautionary Others
words Others
of Others
the Others
four Others
members Others
of Others
the Others
High B-Courts
Court L-Courts
in Others
Cardile B-Versus
v I-Versus
LED I-Versus
Builders I-Versus
Pty I-Versus
Ltd L-Versus

The Others
cautionary Others
words Others
of Others
the Others
High B-Courts
Court L-Courts
in Others

28 Others
It Others
was Others
submitted Others
nevertheless Others
on Others
behalf Others
of Others
the Others
Sharman B-person
applicants L-person
that Others
the Others
premise Others
upon Others
which Others
the Others
application Others
for Others
an Others
order Others
for Others
crossexamination Others
order Others
proceeded Others
here Others
was Others
that Others
Ms B-person
Hemming L-person
had Others
breached Others
the Others
order Others
requiring Others
her Others
to Others
disclose Others
her Others
assets Others
and Others
that Others
the Others
basis Others
upon Others
which Others
the Others
Music B-Organization
companies L-Organization
litigated Others
the Others
proceedings Others
below Others
was Others
to Others
seek Others
to Others
convince Others
the Others
primary Others
judge Others
that Others
there Others
had Others
occurred Others
inadequate Others
disclosure Others
on Others
the Others
footing Others
that Others
Ms B-person
Hemming L-person
did Others
have Others
a Others
substantial Others
asset Others
namely Others
beneficial Others
interests Others
in Others
the Others
Sharman B-Organization
companies L-Organization
and Others
further Others
that Others
the Others
loan Others
transaction Others
with Others

29 Others
It Others
was Others
next Others
asserted Others
by Others
the Others
Sharman B-person
applicants L-person
that Others
the Others
high Others
point Others
of Others
his Others
Honours Others
conclusion Others
below Others
both Others
as Others
to Others
the Others
socalled Others
putative Others
ownership Others
by Others
Ms B-person
Hemming L-person
of Others
the Others
Sharman B-Organization
Trust L-Organization
and Others
as Others
to Others
the Others
existence Others
or Others
otherwise Others
of Others
the Others
loan Others
made Others
by Others

It Others
was Others
submitted Others
therefore Others
to Others
be Others
an Others
unprincipled Others
exercise Others
of Others
discretion Others
for Others
his Others
Honour Others
to Others
have Others
ordered Others
crossexamination Others
in Others
circumstances Others
where Others
the Others
Music B-Organization
companies L-Organization

30 Others
In Others
conclusion Others
therefore Others
it Others
was Others
the Others
case Others
of Others
the Others
Sharman B-person
applicants L-person
that Others
Moore B-Judges
J L-Judges
failed Others
correctly Others
to Others
apply Others
the Others
relevant Others
legal Others
principles Others
in Others
committing Others
Ms B-person
Hemming L-person
to Others
crossexamination Others
on Others
her Others
disclosure Others
affidavit Others
and Others
that Others
it Others
must Others
follow Others
that Others
the Others
Sharman B-person
applicants L-person
would Others
inherently Others
suffer Others
substantial Others
injustice Others
if Others
Ms B-person
Hemming L-person

In Others
short Others
the Others
complaint Others
was Others
that Others
Moore B-Judges
J L-Judges

31 Others
In Others
my Others
opinion Others
and Others
for Others
the Others
reasons Others
I Others
have Others
largely Others
foreshadowed Others
in Others
my Others
observations Others
upon Others
the Others
submissions Others
already Others
recorded Others
the Others
application Others
for Others
leave Others
to Others
appeal Others
brought Others
by Others
the Others
Sharman B-person
applicants L-person

-DOCSTART- -X- -X- O

The Others
case Others
of Others
the Others
Music B-Organization
companies L-Organization
presented Others
to Others
the Others
primary Others
judge Others
Moore B-Judges
J L-Judges

I Others
do Others
not Others
think Others
that Others
the Others
United B-Location
Kingdom L-Location
and Others
Australian B-Organization
authorities L-Organization
establish Others
inflexible Others
requirements Others
to Others
the Others
extent Others
postulated Others
by Others
the Others
Sharman B-person
applicants L-person

His Others
Honours Others
approach Others
in Others
particular Others
to Others
the Others
issue Others
of Others
granting Others
leave Others
to Others
the Others
Music B-Organization
companies L-Organization
to Others
crossexamine Others
Ms B-person
Hemming L-person
was Others
soundly Others
justified Others
in Others
the Others
light Others
of Others
the Others
evidentiary Others
circumstances Others
concerning Others
the Others
Sharman B-person
applicants L-person

32 Others
It Others
is Others
readily Others
apparent Others
that Others
the Others
primary Others
judge Others
placed Others
significant Others
weight Others
and Others
I Others
think Others
rightly Others
so Others
upon Others
the Others
following Others
findings Others
made Others
by Others
Lindgren B-Judges
J L-Judges
in Others
the Others
context Others
of Others
the Others
preceding Others
interlocutory Others
proceedings Others
of Others
Sharman B-Versus
License I-Versus
Holdings I-Versus
Ltd I-Versus
v I-Versus
Universal I-Versus
Music I-Versus
Australia I-Versus
Pty I-Versus
Ltd L-Versus

At Others
15 Others
of Others
his Others
reasons Others
for Others
judgment Others
Lindgren B-Judges
J L-Judges

As Others
noted Others
earlier Others
the Others
Sharman Others
Companies Others
were Others
ultimately Others
beneficially Others
owned Others
by Others

Since Others

On Others

Title Others
was Others
transferred Others
on Others

Ms B-person
Hemming L-person
and Others
Dr B-person
KilmerBarber L-person

-DOCSTART- -X- -X- O

Ms B-person
Hemmings L-person

There Others
was Others
evidence Others
before Others
his Others
Honour Others
that Others
Mr B-person
Myers L-person
occupied Others
some Others
role Others
such Others
as Others
accountant Others
or Others
bookkeeper Others
of Others
the Others

Ms B-person
Hemming L-person
was Others
the Others
Chief Others
Executive Others
Officer Others
of Others
the Others

Out Others
of Others
the Others
proceeds Others
of Others
sale Others

63 Others
was Others
transferred Others
to Others
a Others
bank Others
account Others
in Others

which Others
is Others
where Others
the Others
Sharman B-Organization
Companies L-Organization

33 Others
After Others
reviewing Others
in Others
some Others
detail Others
the Others
Australian B-Organization
authorities L-Organization
relating Others
to Others
misuse Others
or Others
abuse Others
of Others
process Others
and Others
of Others
Mareva Others
orders Others
and Others
also Others
the Others
evidence Others
placed Others
before Others
him Others
in Others
the Others
present Others
segment Others
of Others
the Others
proceedings Others
in Others
particular Others
that Others
concerned Others
with Others
Ms B-person
Hemmings L-person
apparent Others
control Others
of Others
Sharman B-Organization
Networks L-Organization
and Others
Wilcox B-Judges
Js L-Judges
conclusions Others
thereon Others
Moore B-Judges
J L-Judges
expressed Others
his Others
satisfaction Others
that Others
Ms B-person
Hemming L-person
should Others
be Others
required Others
to Others
swear Others
a Others
disclosure Others
affidavit Others
in Others
relation Others
to Others
Sharman B-Organization
Networks L-Organization

This Others
leads Others
to Others
a Others
consideration Others
of Others
whether Others

The Others
evidence Others
points Others
clearly Others
to Others
the Others
structure Others
reflected Others
in Others
the Others
Sharman B-Organization
trust L-Organization
and Others
the Others
arrangements Others
in Others

One Others
was Others
whether Others
the Others
fourth Others
respondent Others
has Others
a Others
beneficial Others
interest Others
in Others
the Others
Sharman B-Organization
trust L-Organization

-DOCSTART- -X- -X- O

Not Others
only Others
is Others
the Others
evidence Others
on Others
this Others
issue Others
likely Others
to Others
be Others
incomplete Others
Ms B-person
Hemming L-person

It Others
would Others
be Others
unsatisfactory Others
dealing Others
with Others
the Others
type Others
of Others
issues Others
presently Others
under Others
consideration Others
to Others
proceed Others
on Others
the Others
basis Others
that Others
the Others
law Others
in Others
that Others
country Others
can Others
be Others
presumed Others
to Others
be Others
the Others
same Others
as Others
the Others
law Others
of Others
Australia Others
see Others

The Others
findings Others
of Others

The Others
transfer Others
of Others
the Others
property Others
by Others
Ms B-person
Hemming L-person

The Others
transferee Others
was Others
to Others
a Others
person Others
associated Others
with Others

He Others
was Others
an Others
accountant Others
who Others
had Others
work Others
sic Others
for Others
the Others

A Others
significant Others
part Others
of Others
the Others
proceeds Others
of Others
the Others
sale Others
were Others
paid Others
to Others

That Others
itself Others
is Others
unusual Others
though Others
one Others
must Others
accept Others
there Others
may Others
be Others
an Others
explanation Others
for Others
this Others
including Others
as Others
counsel Others
for Others
Ms B-person
Hemming L-person

In Others
all Others
real Others
doubts Others
arise Others
about Others
and Others
uncertainty Others
surrounds Others
the Others
reason Others
why Others
this Others
transaction Others
took Others
place Others
when Others
it Others
did Others
and Others
whether Others
the Others
moneys Others
transferred Others
to Others

Greater Others
clarity Others
about Others
this Others
matter Others
may Others
arise Others
from Others
the Others
cross Others
examination Others
of Others

-DOCSTART- -X- -X- O

34 Others
With Others
respect Others
to Others
the Others
carefully Others
as Others
well Others
as Others
forcefully Others
presented Others
submissions Others
made Others
to Others
the Others
Court Others
by Others
senior Others
counsel Others
for Others
the Others
Sharman B-person
applicants L-person

It Others
was Others
readily Others
to Others
be Others
inferred Others
by Others
the Others
primary Others
judge Others
from Others
the Others
material Others
placed Others
before Others
his Others
Honour Others
that Others
Ms B-person
Hemming L-person
did Others
exercise Others
what Others
his Others
Honour Others
described Others
as Others
a Others
central Others
role Others
in Others
relation Others
to Others
the Others
business Others
of Others
Sharman B-Organization
Networks L-Organization
and Others
moreover Others
that Others
Mr B-person
Gee L-person
who Others
was Others
put Others
forward Others
by Others
the Others
Sharman B-person
applicants L-person

only Others
in Others
form Others
an Others
appropriate Others
person Others
to Others
have Others
provided Others
the Others
principal Others
affidavit Others
evidence Others
on Others
behalf Others
of Others
the Others

I Others
have Others
not Others
found Others
the Others
observations Others
appearing Others
in Others
the Others
English B-Organization
authorities L-Organization
to Others
which Others
I Others
have Others
been Others
referred Others
by Others
the Others
Sharman B-person
applicants L-person
and Others
which Others
I Others
have Others
extracted Others
to Others
be Others
of Others
assistance Others
at Others
least Others
in Others
contextual Others
circumstances Others
such Others
as Others
here Others
involved Others
where Others
the Others
Sharman B-person
applicants L-person
have Others
resorted Others
to Others
offshore Others
transactions Others
bearing Others
no Others
evident Others
commercial Others
significance Others
at Others
least Others
of Others
transparency Others
and Others
did Others
so Others
in Others
part Others
coincidentally Others
upon Others
the Others
unsuccessful Others
involvement Others
of Others
the Others
Sharman B-Organization
parties L-Organization
and Others
their Others
entities Others
in Others
the Others
very Others
substantial Others
Universal B-Organization
Music L-Organization
litigation Others
which Others
concluded Others
on Others
the Others
question Others
of Others
liability Others
on Others

Moreover Others
in Others
line Others
with Others
the Others
observations Others
made Others
in Others
Brilliant B-Organization
Digital L-Organization

35 Others
Largely Others
upon Others
the Others
footing Others
of Others
the Others
foregoing Others
findings Others
and Others
his Others
Honours Others
further Others
findings Others
as Others
to Others
the Others
Sharman B-Organization
companies L-Organization
principal Others
deponent Others
of Others
affidavit Others
evidence Others
being Others
Mr B-Judges
Gee L-Judges

is Others
now Others
complete Others
and Others
further Others
in Others
pointing Others
out Others
that Others
Mr B-person
Myers L-person

not Others
provide Others
sufficient Others
assurance Others
that Others
Mr B-Judges
Gees L-Judges

36 Others
In Others
the Others
light Others
of Others
my Others
preceding Others
discussion Others
and Others
analysis Others
I Others
also Others
think Others
that Others
his Others
Honour Others
was Others
right Others
to Others
have Others
concluded Others
in Others
the Others
following Others
terms Others
at Others
39 Others
in Others
the Others
course Others
of Others
rejecting Others
the Others
Sharman B-person
applicants L-person
contention Others
that Others
the Others
subjection Others
of Others
Ms B-person
Hemming L-person

I Others
accept Others
that Others
the Others
Music B-Organization
companies L-Organization
would Others
wish Others
to Others
ascertain Others
who Others
are Others
the Others
real Others
and Others
effective Others
controllers Others
of Others
the Others

-DOCSTART- -X- -X- O

I Others
do Others
not Others
accept Others
the Others
criticisms Others
of Others
the Others
way Others
the Others
Music B-Organization
companies L-Organization

In Others
particular Others
Sharman B-Organization
License L-Organization
and Others
Sharman B-Organization
Networks L-Organization

The Others
Music B-Organization
companies L-Organization
who Others
necessarily Others
cannot Others
be Others
certain Others
from Others
their Others
own Others
knowledge Others
of Others
the Others
matters Others
to Others
which Others
the Others
disclosure Others
affidavits Others
related Others
were Others
entitled Others
to Others
review Others
critically Others
the Others
affidavits Others
proffered Others
by Others
those Others

All Others
the Others
more Others
so Others
given Others
the Others
opaque Others
structure Others
reflected Others
in Others
the Others
Sharman Others
trust Others
and Others
the Others
arrangements Others
in Others

I Others
am Others
not Others
satisfied Others
that Others
the Others
application Others
should Others
be Others
dismissed Others
for Others
the Others
reasons Others
advanced Others
by Others
the Others

37 Others
In Others
making Others
order Others
3 Others
on Others
17 B-Date
November I-Date
2005 L-Date
it Others
was Others
submitted Others
that Others
Moore B-person
J L-person

The Others
effect Others
of Others
order Others
3 Others
was Others
said Others
to Others
extend Others
the Others
freezing Others
order Others
to Others
the Others
assets Others
of Others
Sharman B-Organization
Licence L-Organization
which Others
was Others
erroneous Others
because Others
his Others
Honour Others
had Others
overlooked Others
the Others
implications Others
of Others
the Others
circumstance Others
that Others
Wilcox B-Judges
J L-Judges

In Others
view Others
of Others
Wilcox B-Judges
Js L-Judges
conclusions Others
concerning Others
the Others
liability Others
of Others
Sharman B-Organization
License L-Organization

It Others
was Others
apparently Others
common Others
ground Others
moreover Others
that Others
Sharman B-Organization
Licence L-Organization
was Others
a Others
wholly Others
owned Others
subsidiary Others
of Others

So Others
much Others
was Others
said Others
by Others
the Others
Sharman B-Organization
parties L-Organization

-DOCSTART- -X- -X- O

I Others
am Others
unable Others
however Others
to Others
comprehend Others
why Others
Sharman B-Organization
Licenses L-Organization
subsidiary Others
status Others
in Others
relation Others
to Others
Sharman B-Organization
Networks L-Organization

As Others
pointed Others
out Others
by Others
the Others
Music B-Organization
companies L-Organization
such Others
an Others
order Others
does Others
not Others
have Others
the Others
effect Others
of Others
extending Others
the Others
Mareva Others
order Others
to Others
Sharman B-Organization
Licenses L-Organization
assets Others
per Others
se Others
but Others
rather Others
the Others
order Others
prevents Others
Sharman Others
Networks Others
from Others
causing Others
its Others
subsidiaries Others
to Others
dispose Others
of Others
their Others

38 Others
In Others
the Others
result Others
I Others
am Others
of Others
the Others
opinion Others
that Others
the Others
application Others
of Others
the Others
Sharman B-Organization
parties L-Organization

I Others
certify Others
that Others
the Others
preceding Others
thirtyeight Others
38 Others
numbered Others
paragraphs Others
are Others
a Others
true Others
copy Others
of Others
the Others
Reasons Others
for Others
Judgment Others
herein Others
of Others
the Others
